Update README.md (#289)
iptv-org/awesome-iptv: README.md

- [1-Stream Player](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.onestream.player) - 1-Stream Player App is the perfect platform for your streaming needs. this app is powered by Purple Smart TV.
- [Simple IPTV Player](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.purple.simple.player&hl=en_IN) - A simple and faster way to access your favourite your own stream using Simple IPTV Player.
- [Digilog TV](https://github.com/aldrinzigmundv/digilogtv) - A free and open-source TV news app, inspired by Linux Mint's Hypnotix.

> - [SupercamBR](https://www.supercambr.com.br) - Iptv player free for Android whit world channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SupercamBR](https://www.supercambr.com.br) - Free iptv player for Android with channels from all over the world.
```

Could you use a link to a reputable app store or source code like the others?

Author: https://sourceforge.net/projects/supercambr
https://sourceforge.net/projects/supercambr/files/supercambr.apk/download
thanx

> - [SupercamBR](https://www.supercambr.com.br) - Free iptv player for Android with channels from all over the world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SupercamBR](https://sourceforge.net/projects/supercambr) - Free iptv player for Android with channels from all over the world.
```
